# aiaa-project
Our SENG645 semester project in cooperation with the AIAA club.
This prototype includes a series of sliders. These sliders are separated into two categories, plane dimensions, and scoring weights. The plane dimensions represent the user's plane design specifications and include a series of inputs including Wing Span, Tail Size, Fuselage Length, etc. The scoring weights represent the importance of various tests performed on the user's dimensions like distance flown and speed. The weight of a test is a value between 0-100 and the sum of all weights cannot exceed 100. This weight is applied to a given test after a preliminary score is calculated and is summed with all other weighted test scores to produce the total score. Similar to the weights, this score is a value between 0-100 and may not go beyond this value range. 

The prototype includes three pages, Plane Configuration, Test Mission, and Documentation. Plane configuration is where the user enters the inputs mentioned previously and the general scoring graph is displayed once confirmed. The Test Mission pane shows the user how their plane specifications performed on each individual test. The specific test they wish to view the result of can be selected using a dropdown menu. Lastly, Documentation focuses on explaining the general functionality of the software and the logic applied.

These specifications are based off the American Institute of Aeronautics and Astronautics DBF or Design, Build, Fly, competition.
